 => 7.What are the minimum numbers of queues needed to implement the priority queue?
 two ,one is used for storing data and the other is used for priorities.
 
  => 8.What are the different types of traversal techniques in a tree?
  1.Inorder traversal-Go to left sub-tree,Visit Node,Go to right sub-tree.
  2.Pre-order traversal-Visit Node,Go to left sub-tree,Go to right sub-tree.
  3.Post-order traversal-Go to left sub-tree,Go to right sub-tree,visit node.
  4.Level order.
  
   => 9.Why it is said that searching a node in a binary search tree is efficient than that of a simple binary tree?
   Binary tree can be anything that has two children and one parent.Common operations that can be performed on a binary tree are insertion,deletion and traversal.
   Binary search tree are more of sorted binary trees that allows for fast and efficient lookup,insertion and deletion of items.Unlike binary trees Binary search tree keep their
   keeys sorted,so that implements binary search operations.
   Binary tree is used for fast and efficient lookup of data and information in a tree structure and binary search tree is mainly used for insertion,deletion and seaching of 
   elements.
   
    => 10.  What are the applications of graph DS?
   1. Google maps uses graphs for building transportation systems, where intersection of two or more roads are considered to be a vertex and the road connecting two vertices is 
    considered to be an edge, thus their navigation system is based on the algorithm to calculate the shortest path between two vertices.
  2. In Facebook, users are considered to be the vertices and if they are friends then there is an edge running between them. Facebook’s Friend suggestion algorithm uses graph 
  theory. Facebook is an example of undirected graph.
  3.In World Wide Web, web pages are considered to be the vertices. There is an edge from a page u to other page v if there is a link of page v on page u. This is an example of 
  directed graph. It was the basic idea behind Google Page Ranking Algorithm.
  4.In Operating System, we come across the Resource Allocation Graph where each process and resources are considered to be vertices. Edges are drawn from resources to the
  allocated process, or from requesting process to the requested resource. If this leads to any formation of a cycle then a deadlock will occur.
  
  
  => 11.Can we apply Binary search algorithm to a sorted linked list?
  Yes, Binary search is possible on the linked list if the list is ordered and you know the count of elements in list. But While sorting  the list, 
  you can access a single element at a time through a pointer to that node i.e. either a previous node or next node. This increases the traversal steps
  per element in linked list just to find the middle element. This makes it slow and inefficient.
   Whereas the binary search on an array is fast and efficient  because of its ability to access any element in the array in constant time.
   
    => 12.When can you tell that a Memory leak will occur?
    In computer science, a memory leak is a type of resource leak that occurs when a computer program incorrectly manages memory allocations in a way that memory which is no
    longer needed is not released. A memory leak may also happen when an object is stored in memory but cannot be accessed by the running code.A memory leak has symptoms
    similar to a number of other problems and generally can only be diagnosed by a programmer with access to the programs source code.
    When we initialize or create memory for the any object by using constructor. On that time we can say that we create thread for memory management. 
    On that time thread active in environment. Programmer forget to call destructor for release or free that thread. Than this type of problem is called memory leakage in c++.
 
